seng438-a1-3.md, before:

>   **SENG 438 - Software Testing, Reliability, and Quality**

**Lab. Report \#1 – Introduction to Testing and Defect Tracking**

| Group: 3 |
|-----------------|
| Aaron Frerichs |   
| Avijot Girn |   
| Jesse Gerbrandt |   
| Ethan Subasic |   


**Table of Contents**

(When you finish writing, update the following list using right click, then
“Update Field”)

[1 Introduction	1](#_Toc439194677)

[2 High-level description of the exploratory testing plan	1](#_Toc439194678)

[3 Comparison of exploratory and manual functional testing	1](#_Toc439194679)

[4 Notes and discussion of the peer reviews of defect reports	1](#_Toc439194680)

[5 How the pair testing was managed and team work/effort was
divided	1](#_Toc439194681)

[6 Difficulties encountered, challenges overcome, and lessons
learned	1](#_Toc439194682)

[7 Comments/feedback on the lab and lab document itself	1](#_Toc439194683)

# Introduction

An introduction of your lab work, and what you knew about exploratory and manual
functional testing before this lab

# High-level description of the exploratory testing plan

Text…

# Comparison of exploratory and manual functional testing

Text…

-   Note that you need to submit a report generated by your defect tracking
    system, containing all defects recorded in the system.

# Notes and discussion of the peer reviews of defect reports

Text…

# How the pair testing was managed and team work/effort was divided 

Text…

# Difficulties encountered, challenges overcome, and lessons learned

Text…

# Comments/feedback on the lab and lab document itself

Text…

Commit message:

Finished High-level description in the lab report

seng438-a1-3.md, after:

>   **SENG 438 - Software Testing, Reliability, and Quality**

**Lab. Report \#1 – Introduction to Testing and Defect Tracking**

| Group: 3 |
|-----------------|
| Aaron Frerichs |   
| Avijot Girn |   
| Jesse Gerbrandt |   
| Ethan Subasic |   


**Table of Contents**

(When you finish writing, update the following list using right click, then
“Update Field”)

[1 Introduction	1](#_Toc439194677)

[2 High-level description of the exploratory testing plan	1](#_Toc439194678)

[3 Comparison of exploratory and manual functional testing	1](#_Toc439194679)

[4 Notes and discussion of the peer reviews of defect reports	1](#_Toc439194680)

[5 How the pair testing was managed and team work/effort was
divided	1](#_Toc439194681)

[6 Difficulties encountered, challenges overcome, and lessons
learned	1](#_Toc439194682)

[7 Comments/feedback on the lab and lab document itself	1](#_Toc439194683)

# Introduction

An introduction of your lab work, and what you knew about exploratory and manual
functional testing before this lab

# High-level description of the exploratory testing plan

Team A:

    We used a breadth-first testing approach for our exploratory testing plan. The general idea was to try and cover as many of
the major functions as we could without going into too much detail for a specific one. The main purpose of this testing method was to get acclimated with the major functionality of the ATM application while trying to get a general idea of the bugs present. 

Team B: 
    For our plan, we decided to go down a slightly different route, and mainly test any visual bugs, as well as error checking. 
We will take on this approach by focussing on purposefully entering incorrect inputs as arguments, and seeing how the program handles that. We will also report any visual bugs such as misspelling or incorrect names of buttons/labels. 


# Comparison of exploratory and manual functional testing

Text…

-   Note that you need to submit a report generated by your defect tracking
    system, containing all defects recorded in the system.

# Notes and discussion of the peer reviews of defect reports

Text…

# How the pair testing was managed and team work/effort was divided 

Text…

# Difficulties encountered, challenges overcome, and lessons learned

Text…

# Comments/feedback on the lab and lab document itself

Text…
